So which bitwise operator can we use to check
if two numbers are equal or not. See the truth table
of bitwise XOR operator
Here
If A and B are zero then A xor B
is equal to zero. if A equal to zero and
B equal to one, then A xor B is equal to one.
if A equal to one and B equal to zero.
then A xor B equal to one and
if A equal to B equal to one, then A xor B
equal to zero
So if we observe, we can clearly understand that,
for the same inputs the output is zero and for different inputs
the output is one.
And if we have two equal numbers, then their binary
representation will also be the same
So for each pair of bit, we will get zero
Thus we will get all zeros in the result
which is equivalent  to decimal zero.
And if there is any different pair, we will get
bit one somewhere in the result which will not be
equal to decimal zero.
So the idea that we are going to use here
is that if two numbers are equal, then bitwise XOR
result will be zero.
So let us see an example
Let us take the numbers two and two
We have to check whether these numbers are equal or not
To check that we can perform bitwise XOR
operation on these numbers.
And if the result is zero, then the numbers are
equal.
Otherwise they are not.
So here we have the same pair of bit at
every position. So we will get the result 0000
So we can say these two numbers are equal
Now take another example
We have five and two
We have to check whether these are equal or not.
So again perform bitwise xor operation on the binary
equivalents of five and two
And here we are getting 0111 which is equivalent to
decimal seven and not zero.
So we can say these numbers are not equal.
So using this logic you can write the code.